chore: add example of using sdk with proxy (#3317)
BitGo/BitGoJS: examples/ts/proxy/README.md

> This directory contains a very simple proxy setup to allow a front-end to use BitGo SDK methods with a non-BitGo back-end.

Reviewer: This should point out the difference between why you would choose this option vs. using the already built out express app in the modules folder.

> This directory contains a very simple example proxy setup that allows developers to use BitGo SDK methods with a non-BitGo back-end.
> This is in contrast to the BitGo Express app which has its own routes that do not intersect with the SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains a very simple example proxy setup that allows developers to use local BitGo SDK methods with a non-BitGo back-end.
This is in contrast to the [BitGo Express module](https://github.com/BitGo/BitGoJS/tree/master/modules/express) which implements the SDK on the server that you host in order to provide specific SDK logic before proxying requests to BitGo APIs for your convenience.

Please take the time to review your use case as you choose between these options.
```
